# Timer

## Description
A Warmup assignment to practice some of the JavaScript needed for the upcoming Music Player project.
## Requirements

### Content
1. Create a `<p>`. Give it an `id` and set the inner text to "0:00."

### Styling
No styling is required for this assignment. You may optionally style the `<body>` or `<p>` element if desired.

### Interactivity
1. Declare a variable called `currentTime` and assign its initial value to `0`.
2. Declare a variable for the `<p>` element using `document.getElementById().
3. Define a function named `updateTimer` that does the following:
	1. Increment`currentTime`.
	2. Declare a `minutes` variable and assign its value to `currentTime/60`.
	3. Declare a `seconds` variable and assign its value to `currentTime%60`.
	4. Declare a `timerReadout` variable and assign its value by concatenating `minutes` and `seconds` with a colon between them. The result should look like this - `9:99`.
		- Use an `if` statement to check whether `seconds` is less than 10. If it is, add a leading 0 in front of the `seconds` value so that there are always 2 digits to the right of the colon.
	5. Set the `innerText` property of the `<p>` element to `timerReadout`.
4. Use `setInterval()` to call your `updateTimer` function every 1000ms. This should run when the page loads so that the timer display updates automatically.

## Submission
1. Make sure that your code is [formatted using the built-in formatting tools](https://ims322.ersheff.com/docs/style-guide.html#formatting).
2. In the Source Control panel of VS Code:
	1. Stage all changes by clicking the + next to Changes.
	2. Enter "finished" as a commit message and click the Commit button.
	3. The Commit button should change to a Sync Changes button. Click this to finish syncing the latest changes to your GitHub Repository.
3. Return to your assignment repository on GitHub.
	1. Go to Settings and navigate to the Pages section.
	2. Under Branch, choose "main" and click Save.
	3. After a few moments, if you refresh this page, there should now be a URL near the top next to a Visit Site button. If you click this button, you should see your site open in a new window.
4. Copy the URL generated by GitHub Pages, paste it in the Website URL field of the corresponding Canvas Assignment, and click Submit Assignment.

## Grading
- 2 points - Submission generally meets requirements with only 1-2 minor syntax errors (e.g. misspelled variable name, missing bracket, etc.).
- 1 point - Submission is missing elements and/or has multiple syntax errors.
- 0 points - Submission requires a complete overhaul in order to meet requirements.